All students should familiarize themselves with official UTD course
policies, as[listed on the provost’s
website](http://provost.utdallas.edu/syllabus-policies/). In particular,
be sure to carefully review the sections on Academic Integrity, Class
Attendance, and Avoiding Plagiarism. Here are some additional guidelines
that will ensure your success in this class:

**Be Bold**

This class is about learning how to learn. The learning process always
involves experimentation, trial and error, and making mistakes,
especially early on. In some cases, I will ask you to participate in
assignments that are designed to give you experience with this process,
and in these cases I may simply ask you to attempt to accomplish a
particular task using a particular technology, without explaining a
detailed set of instructions for accomplishing this task. When this
happens, it is important that you *be bold*and experiment with the
assigned task. Try your best to accomplish the task, and ask for help
from the instructor and your classmates as you encounter difficulties
you can’t resolve on your own. You will not be penalized for having
difficulties!

Furthermore, the major class project, the public blog project, will also
require boldness on the part of students. For many stages of the blog
project, I will give detailed instructions on how to complete necessary
work. However, as the project goes on and the blog becomes your own, you
will want to find ways to make the blog meet your own personal goals and
aspirations. To do this, you will need to engage in experiments and
listen to the feedback provided to gauge when experiments are or are not
working. Be brave!

**Be In Class**

This class is a discussion class. Our class meetings provide an
essential opportunity for discussing readings and assignments, working
through difficulties and misunderstandings, and exploring ideas from
different points of view. I cannot arrange to have a class discussion
over again if you miss our meeting! For this reason, your regular
attention is essential. All students are permitted three class absences
over the course of the semester, no questions asked. Students may miss
an additional two classes if they complete a make-up assignment for each
absence. Make-up assignments will be devised on a case-by-case basis,
but will generally consist of at least a two-page essay summarizing
class readings and ideas. Students who miss more than five absences
*must*schedule an appointment with the instructor to discuss the reasons
for their absences, the steps the student has taken to document these
absences with University authorities, and their prospects for completing
the class successfully. Students that miss more than five class meetings
and do not promptly schedule such a meeting *will fail the course.*

**Be In Touch**

This class asks students to be bold, experiment, and try new things. It
also asks that they take responsibility for completing a large and
complex new media project: the group blog project. All this will require
students to keep in touch with each other, and the instructor, much more
closely than they do in other courses. Students should expect to receive
communication from the instructor in the form of email on a regular
basis. For this reason, you should plan on checking your campus email
*at least*once per day. Students who do not check their campus email
regularly will have difficulty completing this course successfully. If
circumstances make it difficult for you to check your email this often,
try to find a classmate to serve as your “email buddy,” and send you a
text message or call when important emails arrive.

In addition, this course will make extensive use of Twitter as a
platform for informal communication, troubleshooting, and collaboration.
You are encouraged to make use of the Twitter platform to keep in touch
with your classmates and instructor. Twitter can be used via text
message, if that makes sense for you.

**Be Respectful**

This classroom is a safe space. You are expected to show your classmates
the highest level of respect. Language or actions that discriminate
against class members on the basis of Race, Age, Religion, Ethnicity,
Sex, Gender, or Sexual Orientation will not be tolerated.

**Be On Time**

Work that is not complete by the date due will be penalized 30% for each
day or fraction of a day it is late. As work this class will be
comprised of many small assignments, it is imperative that you not get
behind. If you do find that you have missed an assignment, it may be
better to abandon this assignment and complete the next one on time.

**Pseudonymous Participation Policy**

This class asks students to participate in publicly accessible blogs and
other forms of public writing. Writing in public has several advantages
for student learning. It creates a closer analogue to the “real world”
environment, and allows for the creation of writing that is designed to
be shared with a real audience, instead of just an instructor. It also
allows students to learn from each other. However, some students may
have legitimate privacy concerns about participating in publicly
accessible assignments. These students may choose to participate in
public assignments under a pseudonym, or assumed name. If you wish to
request this accommodation for any reason, please contact me
immediately.
